{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl200\qj

\f0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
Hot pockets arent food and I am an asshole. Most mornings I \'93make\'94 something I call \'93food\'94 and its \'93good enough\'94 and \'93I like it\'94 and \'93everything is okay.\'94 Most mornings can eat a dick. Most mornings I lie to myself, it\'92s only temporary right? But it can\'92t be, this food desert is not going anywhere anytime soon. It feeds on apathy, and gosh we\'92ve been such an apathetic bunch. Everyday that I neglect learning how to make a biscuit, juilienne an onion, or stuff a chicken in a duck in a turkey is one less day I have to practice. To get it right, to hone my skills and teach them to one other person before I die. Forget being a doctor, a lawyer, or a political analyst, do this world a favor and make a biscuit, a jam, or a scone, do it well. Those around you will affectionately refer to you as \'93the jam guy.\'94 Teach another the intricacies of the fruit preserve, the ins and outs of whipping cream and your life has had more meaning then every generation since the industrial revolution. What you hold here is take two, a second stab at a quality we know exists, we can feel it. We hope you find it too, run your fingers through it\'92s hair or spread it on toast because if there is any purpose in our being, any meaning of life at all, it is this persuit of this quality. anything less is sacrilige.\
}