{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl220\qj

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd2\expndtw11
hot soup\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl200\qj

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
\
\
Universal correlations with physical stimuli of sense organs: \
\
The soup is hot.\
\'a0\
I live in my head. And you do too, you also live in my head. Everything I associate with \'91you\'92 is processed, created, and stored in my head. Welcome to my head, I hope you like the drapes because you will be here until you die, I die, or forgetfulness and dementia win out.\
\'a0\
Radical assumptions: establishing the existence of alternate conscious minds\
\'a0\
Exhaustion rewards the driven with an unfamiliar friend, a strange encounter with the new. Something unfamiliar is born, something you had previously been unable to percieve. When faced with the question of whether or not any mind beyond your own actually even exists, whether  these characters you interact with, sleep with, eat and drink with are even real; maybe the thought of being alone pushes you to the brink of exhaustion, to the edge of a meaningless, unwitnessed existence. You create friends, family, partners, and strangers, that are seemingly unfamiliar because they came from the depths of your conscience, the reserves of your mind. Im just kidding, my name is Tobey and I come from a mother and father and middle class America and I\'92ll be making butternut squash soup for dinner if I can find my wallet.}