{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 MinionPro-BoldCn;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red234\green28\blue48;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl220\qr

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd2\expndtw11
the medium\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl200\qj

\f1\b\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
\
\
This isnt tea, not anymore. \'a0This is luke warm bath water, someone else\'92s bathwater; with artificial sweeteners on deck. The furniture is polyester and the carpet has a stain shaped like a skeleton key.\
\'a0\
We tell eachother its okay, through all channels at all levels, like a starving mother telling her starving child she\'92s full so that he can swallow the last og their rations without choking on the guilt.\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
\super  \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
\nosupersub  Survivors guilt because only one, if any, will survive this night. \'93The medium isn\'92t just the message, the medium has become us.\'94 A relationship is composed of letters, photos, stories, voicemails, wall posts, and texts. These tasty morsels dictate how we feel and when applied to our morals, our home culture, they dictate how we act. These correspondences were once the passions of passionate people. Now, they define people, who are passionately less passionate. I am socially known by the photos posted of you and me, they speak volumes. How happy we are together, or arent, how much time we spend together, what our interests are, but its all bullshit really. To capture a frame to the standards of \'93interesting,\'94 of \'93nice,\'94 of \'93acceptable,\'94\'a0 without a personal photographer, the shot must be composed, the letter edited and rewritten, the stories exaggerated, the saturation adjusted and the essence cropped. In doing so the passion, the supposed passion of reality, spontaneity, of the moment is murdered, drowned and its limp body posted, archived, or ziplocked baggied for later enjoyment or bragging rights.\'a0\
}