{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl220\qr

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd2\expndtw11
your noise is interrupting my internal dialogue\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri-640\sl200\qj

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
\
\
\
\'93Close your eyes\'94\
\
\'93No.\'94\
\
\'93Can we pretend you said yes?\'94\
\
\'93Okay.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl200\qj
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
\
\
I think about things a lot. I\'92m sure most people do but think i think a lot a lot. Sometimes I think in successive executions of the same rule, and sometimes recursive thinking pays off. Sometimes the repetitions tone mental muscle, and cognitive fitness pays major dividends. But most times these patterns are detrimental, spiritual eddies and caverns that breed apathy and self loathing. One time I even looked into religion,  I thought what the hell. I started reading about mysticism, particularly the early Christian mystics though the particular creed was never of much importance to me. These devotees were often moved to tears by the Love of their God. So powerful was the experience that they documented it and professed it so publicly, so emphatically that hundreds of years later, they dictate which words I feel so inclined to capitalize. I capitalize out of respect, the way you address certain old men as sir or hold the door for a lady with an armful of books. That isn\'92t to say these experiences were not or could not be real, in fact I would say that most likely they were true and accurate accounts. Perception is a powerful filter. We perceive based on culture, my culture tells me its okay to not sleep, to drink too much, to eat fucking garbage in a paper bag. based on these rules, I live. And based on these rules I perceive these experiences as okay. Recursive perception, recursive culture.\
\
editor\'92s note:\
\
Some imaginary friends are big, some small, some are numbers, some have influence, most don\'92t, some are hairy, and some wear sandals. But at the end of the day they all belong in the heart of a child.}