{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 MinionPro-BoldCn;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri-640\sl200\qj

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
Material Wunder\
\
\
\'93...the ideal reader whom books do not tolerate, would know something of what is inside when he felt the cover in his hand and saw the layout of the title page and the overall quality of pages, and would sense the book\'92s value without needing to read it first.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl200\qj
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri-640\sl200\qj
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
Theodor Adorno \'93bibliographishe Grillen\'94 (bibliographical musings)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl200\qj
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
\
As more authors are born, bookshelves become more crowded, more vibrant, varied, and diluted with bullshit.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
\super  \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
\nosupersub Society is a library composed of genres like teen lit and historical fiction, organized and maintained or neglected by generations of librarians, each with his or her own morals ambitions and standards of care. They walk softly and carry big sticks or provide hope with slogans like, \'93hope.\'94 Humanity expands, additions are made, new stacks added and new systems enacted. Authors struggle harder to find a voice among the clamor, this is the era where chaos, rape, and \
murder is monotony. Books compete for survival rather than valued for existence, for the purity of accuracy and content. \'93Visual pleasure,\'94 as Adorno calls it, trumps content and as we progress and regress, this much can be said of people too. As children we are asked not to judge books by their covers but in a time when you cannot possibly even skim a fraction of one section of the great library of man in one life time, how else are we to navigate? We muddle through volumes written by our own like they are foreign texts we are unable to translate. Like moles blinded by sunlight we search for a mate based on the features we can see, the features of their external projections. What could possibly be more insubstantial, more unsupported than a book jacket? And by the time we commit enough of ourselves to one single novel, hardly knowing if the pages in between both covers hold Nancy Drew or \'93Q,R,and S\'94 of the Encyclopedia Britannica, the rules have changed, the sections reorganized and the corner of existence you thought you knew has been edited for content, re-released, and re-shelved elsewhere. \
}