{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 MinionPro-BoldCn;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl220

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd2\expndtw11
my dear watson\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl220\qj

\f1\b\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
\
\
\
Sometimes I look in your trash for clues.\
\
A.\
\
You\'92re a fucking fake, a phonie. you know it, i know it. but i just cant prove it yet. maybe you\'92ll slip up, maybe you\'92ll leave a clue, a clue as to why and how you arent what i wanted you to be. So tell me the truth are you simply retarded or are you dead. i envy how complacent you are about everything, at least when im tired. I made you cry that one time, i did that on purpose.\
\
B.\
\
When i read what you wrote me, i can see how beautiful you\'92ve become. You\'92re a farmer now, you always wanted to do this. You\'92re 23 and come to terms with death.\
\
I\'92m hopeful that I won\'92t break, that it was her fault, and the first time that it caught on fire was an accident. Orthography is the standard way in which people use a writing system to compose a language. It is \'93the study of correct spelling according to established usage.\'94 The grid, social, cultural, or typographic is as limiting as it is empowering. Look at this pretty paragraph, someone spent weeks designing the type, another the grid, another the programming for the machines it was composed on. We spent hours choosing the typeface, the layout, the grid for this publication so that someone would be able to and might even enjoy all the useless shit we wrote at Starbucks on a friday night. We planned this meal for you and you\'92re gonna like it. Here\'92s why. We followed the rules. You recognize these letters, the structure, you\'92ve been taught how to hold a book. These standardized components are the applesauce of orthography, typographic baby food. But its through these standards, the dead can nourish the minds of the living. Isn\'92t that a thought.}