{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 MinionPro-BoldCn;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl200\qj

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
Radical Assumptions\
\
Universal correlations with physical stimuli of sense organs\
\
I live in my head. And you do too, you also live in my head. Everything I associate with \'91you\'92 is processed, created, and stored in my head. Welcome to my head, I hope you like the drapes because you will be here until you die, I die, or forgetfulness and dementia win out.\
\
Radical assumptions: establishing the existence of alternate conscious minds\
\'a0\
Tell me what you are and I\'92ll tell you what you aren\'92t, actually I\'92ll tell you your\'92e a G\'92damn liar.\
\'a0\
It is a large part of our American vernacular that those who claim to be something, are most likely lacking most if not all faculties in that arena. But what about the power of social commitment. A fake it till you make it occurrence. A verbal agreement is a legally binding contract in Virginia you know.  Routinely I commit myself to projects, people, ideas, and ideals that I would never pursue entirely self motivated. Yet somehow when leveraged against my minute quantities of intellectual integrity and perseverance, these cloudy intentions become realities. Maybe not in an ideal fashion but they are born none the less, bastard children of the congregation activation generation. My parents do not understand this philosophy, in fact they abhor it. You fix a chair because it has ceased to function as a chair, not to blog about it and show your bearded friends you youtubed how to use a tablesaw. You climb because something inside of you tells you that this is the best way to pass through life, not to be the best, the fastest, the greatest. But I ended up entering the empirical mindset. I ended up training in gyms, skipping sunny outings with my friends to \'93train\'94 harder. My shoulders grew and my soul began to rot. I never placed better then second. Our apple tree must have grown on a steep bank, because when I fell, I rolled and rolled and haven\'92t stopped yet.\
\'a0\
Intellectual autonomy and empathy.\
\'a0\
Self activation, I love you and a loathe you. I love you when you are natural, spread on toast with ease, but you are so skittish, so flighty and flakey that I have no confidence in your fidelity. We are in transition. American values are changing, we are made of an ideology that splintered and died long ago. A vessel made of particle board and glue. Thomas Jefferson sent specimens of some of the wildlife he encountered in the United States back to England for scientific review. He was laughed out, accused of creating creatures be reorganizing and reassembling the body parts of others. A platypus TJ? What kind of bastard staples a duck bill to a beaver and hopes to get published in the journals. We are the platy-pi kids. Amalgamations of nostalgia, technology, fear and loathing, and uncertain potential. Our parents probably felt this way too. and their parents, and the generations prior. Yet the majority of folk never change a fucking thing.\
}