{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 MinionPro-BoldCn;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl220

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd2\expndtw11
mind the chicken\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl200\qj

\f1\b\fs20 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
\
\
In a relationship, one that is sound, never neglected or unkempt, it is natural law that there will be a tomorrow. People behave according to this construct as soundly as they obey gravity. People ignore the \'93right\'94 decision every day. We rationalize, justify, adjust, cope, evolve, ignore, undercut, underfund, shortchange and short hand the proper way to do things ten times over all before lunch. Fear drives us further, faster, and more fervently than any other emotion or reactionary/preventative response. Fear dictates every move, every choice, on my worst days, spurning decisions that usually result in instability, loss of control, paralysis, and ultimately failure. Failure in turn inspires more fear. People that do not live under this completely self constructed, self reinforced curtain of fear, do not seem to struggle in the ways of the modern Western man. Even in our culture the bold, the truly bold suffer very little mental anguish, yet they are often physically excluded, siphoned off from the heart of society, power, and control. Why? Because they are detrimental to the greater whole. We all seek our role, our place in the world, the one precise function we were created for. And as long as we complete that task, day in day out, fill a need with a well adapted warm body, we are sustained, physically at least, because we contribute and cause no disruption. The curtain has holes, rips and tears to be exploited and enjoyed, though this colony has little tolerance for leadership with dreams.\'a0\
}