{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl220\qj

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl220

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd3\expndtw17
yeah, no i\'92m pretty sure it\'92s you not me\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl220\qj

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw3
\
\'93werkbund values were centered on the idea of quality (\'91Qualitat\'92). The organization stood for the application of the highest craft standards to industrial production. The virtues it prized were those of good workmanship, good materials, solidity. Though there were always internal conflicts and arguments, the leading spirits within.\'94\
\
I wanted to know you, so I became you. Only for a minute and in all honesty when i got there I didnt really like it at all. The lines were too long, the smiles were stapled on, and the paint was pealing everywhere all at once. Maintance is a constant. A house will eventually fall apart, termites can\'92t be loved or wished away. But if the essential elements are cared for, properly and patiently renovated, a structure can house generations. The way a book can nourish and intrigue the minds of those born hundreds of years after it\'92s conception, a proper dwelling can enrich the lives of your children\'92s children\'92s children. Maybe people wouldnt be so hasty if they cared about their children, cared enough to sacrifice beyond what society requires. Maybe the problem is most of us just struggle to shoot for par.}