{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 MinionPro-BoldCn;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl220

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd2\expndtw11
you sleep too loud\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl200\qj

\f1\b\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw4
\
\
I will sleep well tonight, my window is open and I can hear my favorite sound. Its the sound of a rope knocking against a flag pole in the wind in the middle of the night, when everything else has stooped moving. The sound will repeat itself one thousand times over and into the next day. its so soothing. its a simple sound, a metallic pinging of cord on aluminum at almost regular intervals, almost. We\'92ll lay in bed and stare at the ceiling in the dark, i pull the sheets closer I\'92m cold, the good kind that makes your skin extra aware of the materials its chosen to associate with, the good kind that comes right before a deep sleep. It sounds like we\'92re not too far from the coast. \
\'a0\
It\'92s like a bouquet of flowers on the side of a massive cliff, just passed the guardrail.\'a0 Left there, bound in cord or ribbon, as a token, a memento, some kind of offering. You climb the fence, assuming the ground just beyond is sound, knowing that someone had, within the lifetime of a cut flower, done the same and returned. You look at the flowers, the ground below, and again at the flowers. And thats when you realize. Someone fucking jumped from right where you\'92re standing. And someone else loved them.}